[13791] Adding content filter documentation (#361)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/dds_layer/topic/contentFilteredTopic/contentFilteredTopic.rst

.. include:: ../../../../03-exports/aliases.include
.. include:: ../../../../03-exports/aliases-api.include

.. _dds_layer_topic_contentFilteredTopic:

> ContentFilteredTopic

Reviewer: It is following the same structure as the Topic concept. First what is a Topic is explained in section 3.5.3 and later on, in section 3.5.6 is explained how a topic is created

> ContentFilteredTopic

Reviewer 2: I then change the topic structure as well :laughing: .
I resolve this suggestion, but I do not think this is a intuitive way to sort it.

A |ContentFilteredTopic-api| is a specialization of the broader concept of :ref:`dds_layer_topic_topicDescription`.
A ContentFilteredTopic is a Topic with filtering properties.

> It makes it possible to subscribe to a Topic and at the same time specifying interest on a subset of the Topic's data.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It makes it possible to subscribe to a Topic while at the same time specify interest on a subset of the Topic's data.
```
